---
layout: post
title:  "Beliefs"
date:   2015-06-11 09:41:23
categories: English
---


Your beliefs are very powerful and have the power to create or to destroy your life.

In most cases, whatever you believe, is what you will become.If you believe that you are loser, that you never get a break in life, that you can't accomplish anything, these things will be your reality.

Believe that you are unlimited, that you can do anything you commit to doing, and when you do, your accomplishments will know no bounds.You control your beliefs, and that is how you ultimately control of your life.This is a very important point.

So how do you develop beliefs that will empower you?Many of our beliefs come from our environment, the world we live in on a daily basis.If your environment is limiting your beliefs, then work very hard on changing it.If you are constantly around people who are negative and limiting, find other people to hang out with.

###Get around positive, successful people.

Beliefs also come from past experiences. That is why it is so important to experience success on a regular basis.Set small, achievable goals, and then try your best to reach them.

"I will finish this project by early afternoon."
 
"I will make six calls on the phone in the next hour."
 
"I will exercise for 20 minutes tonight."
 
When you start to experience success, then you start to believe in success, and that leads to more and bigger successes.

###Beliefs come from knowledge.
 
The more you learn, the more things you will know to be possible.Always take advantage of opportunities to learn something new. It will bring new possibilities into your beliefs and your life.

Most importantly, you can develop new beliefs by setting and visualizing goals for your life.Define your goals clearly and with precision.Then, in your mind, see yourself achieving them in all of their sensory details.

Mentally live the experience, see the sights, hear the sounds, smell the aroma, feel the feelings. Your nurtured beliefs will lead you to their reality.



1 unlimited     	 
adj.无限的，不受控制的，无条件的

>They flew over the unlimited reaches of the Arctic.
<br>他们飞过了茫茫无边的北极上空。

>There is no safety in unlimited technological hubris.<Br>在技术方面自以为是会很危险。


2 accomplishments     	 
n.造诣；完成( accomplishment的名词复数 )；技能；成绩；成就


>It was one of the President's greatest accomplishments.<br>那是总统最伟大的成就之一。

>Among her accomplishments were sewing,cooking,playing the piano and dancing. <br>她的才能包括缝纫、烹调、弹钢琴和跳舞。

3 visualizing     	 
肉眼观察

>Nevertheless, the Bohr model is still useful for visualizing the structure of an atom. <br>然而，玻尔模型仍有利于使原子结构形象化。

>Try to strengthen this energy field by visualizing the ball growing stronger.<br> 通过想象能量球变得更强壮设法加强这能量场。

4 sensory     	 
adj.知觉的，感觉的，知觉器官的

>Human powers of sensory discrimination are limited.<br>人类感官分辨能力有限。

>The sensory system may undergo long-term adaptation in alien environments.<br>感觉系统对陌生的环境可能经过长时期才能适应。

5 aroma     	 
n.香气，芬芳，芳香

>The whole house was filled with the aroma of coffee.
<br>满屋子都是咖啡的香味。

>The air was heavy with the aroma of the paddy fields.<br>稻花飘香。

6 nurtured     	 
养育( nurture的过去式和过去分词 )； 培育； 滋长； 助长


>She is looking fondly at the plants he had nurtured. <br>她深情地看着他培育的植物。

>Any latter-day Einstein would still be spotted and nurtured. <br>任何一个未来的爱因斯坦都会被发现并受到培养。


